It's going to be the graduate work. Even if, say,
undergraduate changes drastically, won't there
always be the graduate? Well,
might be. But even on certification for
administration, you see, there are some
alternative routes. And
Oh, I think we face that as to whether we really are
functional, whether we really serve a purpose or
not. But what I started out to say was it seems to me
that there are changes in the teaching function at
the elementary and secondary level, that the way
in which information is handled, information
management systems and so on. that's affecting
the way in which people function in elementary and
secondary education. And I think the important
thing that we have to do is to be able to change our
own operation and to function in a manner that's
consistent, not expecting that they are doing it
because we are teaching them how to do it. we lead by
running to catch up. But I think the computerized
methods of handling data certainly has changed
this department a lot already. We have some
activities going on that build on this and perhaps
may make some important contributions. And so I
think Well, I think the way each of us as faculty
members relate to our own students
is quite different than it was 20 years ago. And I
think it will be in another 15, 20. Can you just
briefly expand on that a little bit?
Well,
we hear people using this, the label facilitator
of learning. And maybe this has always been more
true in graduate education, but I think we still
are moving in the direction of faculty members
trying to suggest how or where information and
skills may come from, rather than the assumption
that some way or other we personally can be
responsible for that learning or that skill
development. And that will increase, you think? I
think so. I think it has to. Is there one last little
anecdote or one last memoir, something that you
might remember that stands out? I know it's been a
long time. I don't know about any one thing. You're
thinking primarily in terms of the college
itself. True. Are we within your department? Are
you personally? I
can't think of any one thing. There's so many.
There are lots. Have you ever written anything? Do
you have anything that you have kept over the
years? Any kind of diaries? No. No? You have
nothing? No. Well, Dr. Hawkins, this has been very
enjoyable, and I thank you for your time, and I look
forward to visiting with you.